✨ feat: luajit replace lua (#697)
apache/kvrocks: CMakeLists.txt

option(ENABLE_TSAN "enable thread santinizer" OFF)
option(ASAN_WITH_LSAN "enable leak santinizer while address santinizer is enabled" ON)
option(ENABLE_STATIC_LIBSTDCXX "link kvrocks with static library of libstd++ instead of shared library" ON)

> option(USE_LUAJIT "enable luajit replace lua" ON)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
option(USE_LUAJIT "use luaJIT instead of lua" ON)
```

include(cmake/lz4.cmake)
include(cmake/rocksdb.cmake)
include(cmake/libevent.cmake)

> include(cmake/luajit.cmake)

Reviewer: I think we can provide a build option to switch from luajit and lua for progressive substitution.

> include(cmake/luajit.cmake)

Reviewer: I think we can provide a build option to switch between luajit and lua for progressive substitution.

Author: done
